What do you call a teapot of boiling water on top of mount everest? 
A high-pot-in-use 
What do you call a crushed angle? 
A Rectangle (wrecked angle) 
What did the baby tree say when it looked in a mirror? 
Gee-Om-A-Tree. 
Why wasn't the geometry teacher at school? 
Because she sprained her angle!! 
What do you get when you cross geometry with McDonalds? 
A plane cheeseburger. 
Why did I divide sin by tan? 
Just cos. 
What do you get when you cross a pebble with a sphere? 
rock and roll! 
What did the triangle say to the circle? 
Your pointless! 
What shape is usually waiting for you at Stabucks? 
A line. 
Why did the obtuse angle go to the beach? 
Because it was over 90 degrees. 
What did the square say to the circle? 
Haven't I seen you around? 
What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito? 
Nothing! You know you can't cross a scalar and a vector. 
What did the acorn say when he grew up? 
Gee, I'm A Tree! 
Why did the students like their trigonometry teacher? 
He never gave homework asSINments. 
Why does nobody talk to circles? 
Because there is no point! 
What do you call an angle which is adorable? 
acute angle 
What's a mathematician's favourite movie? 
The Trig Identity. 
What did the student say when the witch doctor removed his curse? 
Hexagon 
Who invented the Round Table? 
Sir Cumference. 
What did the mum triangle say to the baby triangle? 
Stop being ILLUMInaughty! 
Which triangles are the coldest? 
Ice-sosceles triangles. 
What did the triangle say to the ball? 
You're pointless. 
Where can you buy a ruler that is three feet long? 
At a yard sale. 
What do people who whine a lot and 3 points have in common? 
They are both coplaners 
How many grams of protein are there in that slice of chocolate pie? 
3.142 
What did the complementary angle say to the isosceles triangle? 
Nice Legs 
What kind of tree does a math teacher climb? 
Geometry 
Why did the right triangle divide it's adjacent side and it's hypotenuse? 
Just Cos! 
Why did the inches obey the yardstick? 
He was their ruler! 
What do you call more than one L? 
A Parallel 
What do you call people who like tractors? 
Protractors 
Why was the corner hot? 
Because it was 90 degrees Fahrenheit! 
What should you do when it rains? 
Coincide 
Why were the similar triangles weighing themselves? 
They were finding their scale. 
Why won't the circles invite the ellipses over for dinner? 
They are too eccentric. 
Why did the 30-60-90 triangle marry the 45-45-90 triangle? 
They were right for each other. 
Why is a geometry book always unhappy? 
Because it always has lots of problems. 
Why was the scalene triangle sad? 
He would never be right. 
Why is Ms. Radian such a good reporter? 
She covers the story from every angle. 
What shape has all its angles wrecked? 
A wrecked-angle. 
Why couldn't the angle get a loan? 
His parents wouldn't cosine 
What did the acorn say when it grew up? 
ge om a tree! 
Where do circles, ellipses, hyperbolas and parabolas like to hang out in the summer? 
Coney Island. 
Why didn't the chicken cross to the other side of the inequality? 
It couldn't get past the boundary line. 
What do you get when you cross a linebacker with a computer geek? 
A linear programmer. 
What do you get if you divide the cirucmference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter? 
Pumpkin Pi 
Why was the parent function upset with its child? 
It was stretched to its limit. 
What is a proof? 
One-half percent of alcohol. 
What did the math teacher commit when she murdered someone? 
A sin! 
Why do you rarely find mathematicians spending time at the beach? 
Because they have sine and cosine to get a tan and don't need the sun! 
What did one geometry book say to the other? 
Don't bother me I've got my own problems! 
Which shape do you use to catch somebody? 
A trapezoid. 
What do you call a small dog? 
An acute one. 
What do you call a broken record? 
A Decca-gone 